README.md, before:

# Simple Netflix Dashboard

A modern React application built with Vite for data management and visualization.

![React](https://img.shields.io/badge/React-20232A?style=for-the-badge&logo=react&logoColor=61DAFB)
![TypeScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/TypeScript-007ACC?style=for-the-badge&logo=typescript&logoColor=white)
![Vite](https://img.shields.io/badge/Vite-B73BFE?style=for-the-badge&logo=vite&logoColor=FFD62E)
![Tailwind CSS](https://img.shields.io/badge/Tailwind_CSS-38B2AC?style=for-the-badge&logo=tailwind-css&logoColor=white)

## ✨ Features

- ⚡ **Fast Development** - Vite-powered with instant HMR
- 🔒 **Type Safety** - Built with TypeScript
- 🎨 **Modern UI** - Styled with Tailwind CSS
- 📱 **Responsive Design** - Mobile-first approach
- 🎯 **ESLint & Prettier** - Code quality and formatting
- 🌙 **Dark Mode** - Built-in theme support

## 📦 Prerequisites

Before you begin, ensure you have installed:

- **Node.js** (v18 or higher) - [Download](https://nodejs.org/)
- **npm** (v9 or higher) or **yarn** (v1.22 or higher)
- **Git** - [Download](https://git-scm.com/)

Verify installations:

```bash
node --version
npm --version
git --version
```

Commit message:

Revise README with new features and setup steps
Updated features section and added getting started instructions.

README.md, after:

# Simple Netflix Dashboard

A modern React application built with Vite for data management and visualization.

![React](https://img.shields.io/badge/React-20232A?style=for-the-badge&logo=react&logoColor=61DAFB)
![TypeScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/TypeScript-007ACC?style=for-the-badge&logo=typescript&logoColor=white)
![Vite](https://img.shields.io/badge/Vite-B73BFE?style=for-the-badge&logo=vite&logoColor=FFD62E)
![Tailwind CSS](https://img.shields.io/badge/Tailwind_CSS-38B2AC?style=for-the-badge&logo=tailwind-css&logoColor=white)

## ✨ Features

- ⚡ **Fast Development** - Vite-powered with instant HMR
- 🔒 **Type Safety** - Built with TypeScript
- 🎨 **Modern UI** - Styled with Tailwind CSS and Shadcn
- 🎯 **ESLint & Prettier** - Code quality and formatting
- 🌙 **Dark Mode** - Built-in theme support

## 📦 Prerequisites

Before you begin, ensure you have installed:

- **Node.js** (v18 or higher) - [Download](https://nodejs.org/)
- **npm** (v9 or higher) or **yarn** (v1.22 or higher)
- **Git** - [Download](https://git-scm.com/)

Verify installations:

```bash
node --version
npm --version
git --version
```

## 🚀 Getting Started

### 1. Clone the repository

```bash
git clone https://github.com/WasekSamin/simple-netflix-dashboard.git
cd simple-netflix-dashboard
```

### 2. Run

Run the project on the terminal using this command:
```bash
npm run dev
